Update documentation for v2 (#1733)
Azure/azure-service-operator: README.md

| v1          | Beta            | Bug and security fixes primarily. | [Helm chart](/charts), [OperatorHub](https://operatorhub.io/operator/azure-service-operator) or [GitHub release 1.x](https://github.com/Azure/azure-service-operator/releases) |
| v2          | Alpha           | Under active development.         | [GitHub release 2.x](https://github.com/Azure/azure-service-operator/releases)                                                                                                 |

### ASO v1
Azure Service Operator v1 is no longer under active development. Bug and security fixes are still made. Some features may be added if the scope is small and the impact is large, but we are winding down investment into ASO v1. If you are already using ASO v1 a migration path/tool will be provided to eventually move ASO v1 resources to ASO v2. In the meantime you can continue using ASO v1 as you have been.

[Learn more about Azure Service Operator v1](/docs/v1/README.md)

### ASO v2

> Azure Service Operator v2 was built based on the learnings gained from ASO v1, with the following improvements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure Service Operator v2 was built based on the lessons learned from ASO v1, with the following improvements:
```

Author: Fixed!
